hany as we heard there the Americans
have warned the Israelis that they're
killing too many civilians in Gaza but
it doesn't appear to have slowed down
the
attacks yes well the statement is quite
accurate because what we're seeing on
the ground is exactly what's going on as
surgeon the attacks and an increase a
significant increase in the number of
casualties every attack they're causing
further civilian casualties and another
sheer level of Destruction in the
residential buildings across the gter
just over night attacks and two uh Flats
here in rafah City causing the death of
eight people a half of them were
children and women uh those people were
in Sheltering inside those Flats when
they were attacked at midnight by
Relentless air strikes here in rafah
City just adding uh to the pressure uh
and the state of panic as people uh hear
more and more about the Israeli military
intention of expanding the military
operation in fact since the announcement
of the intention to expand the military
operation underground Invasion here in
ra City we've been seeing a surge in the
attacks and a significant intensity in
terms of scale and the level of
Destruction that they are causing to the
Target
sites here in Central Area we're seeing
more residential homes as early hour of
this morning a family residential
compound for one extended family in
there b city was targeted uh the large
number of people reported killed and
injured and there is a quite difficulty
of removing people from under the
rubbles as we heard reported from Al AA
hospital that civil defense crew could
not reach the targeted sites at night as
it was quiet intense bombing campaign
going on and artillery shelling and
heavy machine guns fired at people at
the medical staff who trying to get to
the uh targeted areas but as of early
hours of this morning the civil defense
crew are still doing their best to
remove those who still under the rebels
and who have might have survived uh the
attacks around Naser Hospital we're
looking at a new trend of Target
killings which is the snipers who are
surrounding the h the area around Naser
hospital so far 17 people have been
collected from the streets and the roads
around Naser Hospital uh of they were
killed they were shot and killed by by
snipers just at night also overnight qu
captur those are attacking drones
targeted a group of young people who
were at the rooftop of the hospital and
what they were trying to do because of
the blackout they're trying to get a
signal to their phones or try to connect
the to the internet to be in touch with
their family members those who haven't
seen them within the past few weeks and
since the beginning of the ground
Invasion expanding ground in invasion in
in Han un City uh it just things on the
ground suggest that we're seeing more uh
more Act of of of violence and more Act
of of more atrocities are committed and
only a surge of what's going
on thank you for that hany Mahmud there
for us in Rafa in southern Gaza